DOC Add guidelines for automated contributions (#29287)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/developers/contributing.rst

<https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/issues>`_. You are also
welcome to post feature requests or pull requests.

Automated Contributions Policy
==============================

> Please refrain from submitting mass issues or pull requests generated by

Reviewer: I think we don't want any issues that are auto-generated (unless it is a collaboration).
```suggestion
Please refrain from submitting issues or pull requests generated by
```

<https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/issues>`_. You are also
welcome to post feature requests or pull requests.

Automated Contributions Policy
==============================

Please refrain from submitting mass issues or pull requests generated by
fully-automated tools. Maintainers reserve the right to close issues and pull
requests from fully-automated tools at their discretion. Persistent automated

> submissions may result in blocking the offending account.

Reviewer 2: I would probably change this to "Maintainers might block any account submitting automated pull requests or issues at any time.", to be able to block immediately.

  so far. In order to claim an issue for yourself, please comment exactly
  ``/take`` on it for the CI to automatically assign the issue to you.

To maintain the quality of the codebase and ease the review process, any
contribution, including code generated by language models (LLMs), must conform
to the project's existing style guide and coding conventions, in particular:

> - Avoid modifying unrelated lines.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Avoid modifying unrelated lines to keep the diff of the PR focused on the scope
  stated in its description or linked issue.
```

> - Provide comments that add value and avoid stating the obvious.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Only write inline comments that add value and avoid stating the obvious: explain the
  "why" rather than the "what".
```

  so far. In order to claim an issue for yourself, please comment exactly
  ``/take`` on it for the CI to automatically assign the issue to you.

> To maintain the quality of the codebase and ease the review process, any
> contribution, including code generated by language models (LLMs), must conform
> to the project's existing style guide and coding conventions, in particular:
> 
> - Avoid modifying unrelated lines to keep the diff of the PR focused on the scope
>   stated in its description or linked issue.

Reviewer: A suggestion to express the same thing less wordy:
```suggestion
To maintain the quality of the codebase and ease the review process, any
contribution must conform to the project's coding conventions, in particular:

- Don't modify unrelated lines to keep the PR focused on the scope stated in its 
description or issue.
```

I believe there is no "project's style guide" this is why I deleted this phrase (if there is, we should of cause keep it and add a link).

  so far. In order to claim an issue for yourself, please comment exactly
  ``/take`` on it for the CI to automatically assign the issue to you.

To maintain the quality of the codebase and ease the review process, any
contribution, including code generated by language models (LLMs), must conform
to the project's existing style guide and coding conventions, in particular:

> - Keep all lines under 88 characters.

Reviewer 2: same here. it's linter's job

Author: What I had in mind is to avoid contributions that would just result in a red CI. In the case of https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/pull/29268#pullrequestreview-2122246704, I would have liked to refer the OP to an official statement in the contributor's guide regarding raw copy-paste from an LLM.

That being said, it's true that the bot already comments on such CI fails, but I have the feeling that raw-LLM contributions are going to become more and more of a problem. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: I don't think so, at least for now we haven't had many. And when they get them, we simply block them in most cases anyway, so we don't care about the linter issues.

Reviewer 3: And there is no reason to believe that LLMs wouldn't be better at following format standard than the average human.

The real problem with LLM code contributions, is not necessarily their form or ability to make tests pass but the fact that no human contributor fully understands the goal of the contribution, its inner value for end-users and more generally if this a change of the code base that is useful for our community or not.

- Avoid modifying unrelated lines.

> - Do not duplicate imports.

Reviewer 2: `ruff` handles this, we don't need to mention.

- Provide comments that add value and avoid stating the obvious.

> - **Most importantly**: Do not contribute code that you don't understand.

Reviewer 2: I think this is the only point I'd like to keep from this section.
